exercism/javascript/README.md, before:

# guidance to new ideas

They use nodejs to test our code so we need to use export to each function they ask to pass their tasks

> To check exercises [**go to**](https://exercism.org/tracks/javascript/exercises)

JS currently has 147 exercises, so I separate them in dozens

Prior solved tasks to 2024 are 8

## Hello world

the easiest task ever! check its file [here](./00-12/helloWorld.js)

## Lucian's Luscious Lasagna

That was difficult, especially the instructions for a  L2 speakers as me. I see it too easy now, but I remember how I suffered with solving it 😭, That was a year ago in 2023

check its file [here](./00-12/Lucian's_Luscious_Lasagna.js)

This exercise unlocked three more of them:

* Annalyn's Infiltration
* Freelancer Rates
* Poetry Club Door Policy

and 4 concepts:

* Booleans
* Numbers
* Arithmetic Operators
* Strings

## annalyn's-infiltration

> Notice: This is sincerely bad, using non-helpful key names

The reason I was deceived to using non-useful naming in js is when I initially saw compiled code in real world Wep Apps, check how bad is the code [here](./00-12/annalyn's-infiltration.js)

It unlocked two more concepts:

* Comparison
* Conditions

## freelancer-rates

This has a little math and working in Inc. concepts which caused me to stuck in solving it!

check its file [here](./00-12/freelancer-rates.js)

It unlocked One more concept:

* Arrays

## Poetry Club Door Policy

This exercise had common array and string methods, Check its file [at](./00-12/PoetryClubDoorPlicy.js)

## Elyses Enchantments

This exercise had advanced array manipulation, Check its file [at](./00-12/ElysesEnchantments.js)

## Vehicle Purchase

This exercise had comparisons, Check its file [at](./00-12/VehiclePurchase.js)

## Bird Watcher

This exercise had looping, Check its file [at](./00-12/BirdWatcher.js)

All these were in 2023

---

## mixed juices

Check its file [at](./00-12/mixed-juices.js)

Commit message:

feat: mixed juices was a little difficult, huh!

exercism/javascript/README.md, after:

# guidance to new ideas

They use nodejs to test our code so we need to use export to each function they ask to pass their tasks

> To check exercises [**go to**](https://exercism.org/tracks/javascript/exercises)

JS currently has 147 exercises, so I separate them in dozens

Prior solved tasks to 2024 are 8

## Hello world

the easiest task ever! check its file [**here**](./00-12/helloWorld.js)

## Lucian's Luscious Lasagna

That was difficult, especially the instructions for a  L2 speakers as me. I see it too easy now, but I remember how I suffered with solving it 😭, That was a year ago in 2023

check its file [**here**](./00-12/Lucian's_Luscious_Lasagna.js)

This exercise unlocked three more of them:

* Annalyn's Infiltration
* Freelancer Rates
* Poetry Club Door Policy

and 4 concepts:

* Booleans
* Numbers
* Arithmetic Operators
* Strings

## annalyn's-infiltration

> Notice: This is sincerely bad, using non-helpful key names

The reason I was deceived to using non-useful naming in js is when I initially saw compiled code in real world Wep Apps, check how bad is the code [**here**](./00-12/annalyn's-infiltration.js)

It unlocked two more concepts:

* Comparison
* Conditions

## freelancer-rates

This has a little math and working in Inc. concepts which caused me to stuck in solving it!

check its file [**here**](./00-12/freelancer-rates.js)

It unlocked One more concept:

* Arrays

## Poetry Club Door Policy

This exercise had common array and string methods, Check its file [at](./00-12/PoetryClubDoorPlicy.js)

## Elyses Enchantments

This exercise had advanced array manipulation, Check its file [at](./00-12/ElysesEnchantments.js)

## Vehicle Purchase

This exercise had comparisons, Check its file [at](./00-12/VehiclePurchase.js)

## Bird Watcher

This exercise had looping, Check its file [at](./00-12/BirdWatcher.js)

All these were in 2023

---

## raindrops

I just converted the shell solution to this js, check its file [**here**](./00-12/raindrops.js)

Using for loop with string and array pushing based on sorted conditions

## mixed juices

I tried using a `for...of` loop, but then I realized that using `while` is better because mentors explained it in this lesson. So, I decided to follow their advice to improve my code. It was sincerely difficult. The funny thing is that they classified it as an easy level. You can check its file [**here**](./00-12/mixed-juices.js).

## high-score-board

> objects are called dictionaries and maps in other languages

the easiest task ever! check its file [**here**](./00-12/high-score-board.js)

## 12th

---

> **Second dozen!**
